---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "postgresql Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# postgresql Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `aws_rds_iam_auth` (Boolean) Use rds_iam instead of password authentication (see: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/UsingWithRDS.IAMDBAuth.html)
- `aws_rds_iam_profile` (String) AWS profile to use for IAM auth
- `aws_rds_iam_region` (String) AWS region to use for IAM auth
- `azure_identity_auth` (Boolean) Use MS Azure identity OAuth token (see: https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/postgresql/flexible-server/how-to-configure-sign-in-azure-ad-authentication)
- `azure_tenant_id` (String) MS Azure tenant ID (see: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/azurerm/latest/docs/data-sources/client_config.html)
- `clientcert` (Block List, Max: 1) SSL client certificate if required by the database. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--clientcert))
- `connect_timeout` (Number) Maximum wait for connection, in seconds. Zero or not specified means wait indefinitely.
- `database` (String) The name of the database to connect to in order to conenct to (defaults to `postgres`).
- `database_username` (String) Database username associated to the connected user (for user name maps)
- `expected_version` (String) Specify the expected version of PostgreSQL.
- `host` (String) Name of PostgreSQL server address to connect to
- `max_connections` (Number) Maximum number of connections to establish to the database. Zero means unlimited.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password to be used if the PostgreSQL server demands password authentication
- `port` (Number) The PostgreSQL port number to connect to at the server host, or socket file name extension for Unix-domain connections
- `scheme` (String)
- `ssl_mode` (String, Deprecated)
- `sslmode` (String) This option determines whether or with what priority a secure SSL TCP/IP connection will be negotiated with the PostgreSQL server
- `sslrootcert` (String) The SSL server root certificate file path. The file must contain PEM encoded data.
- `superuser` (Boolean) Specify if the user to connect as is a Postgres superuser or not.If not, some feature might be disabled (e.g.: Refreshing state password from Postgres)
- `username` (String) PostgreSQL user name to connect as

<a id="nestedblock--clientcert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `clientcert`

Required:

- `cert` (String) The SSL client certificate file path. The file must contain PEM encoded data.
- `key` (String) The SSL client certificate private key file path. The file must contain PEM encoded data.

Optional:

- `sslinline` (Boolean) Must be set to true if you are inlining the cert/key instead of using a file path.
