---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "postgresql_function Resource - terraform-provider-postgresql"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# postgresql_function (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `body` (String) Body of the function.
- `name` (String) Name of the function.

### Optional

- `arg` (Block List) Function argument definitions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--arg))
- `database` (String) The database where the function is located. If not specified, the provider default database is used.
- `drop_cascade` (Boolean) Automatically drop objects that depend on the function (such as operators or triggers), and in turn all objects that depend on those objects.
- `language` (String) Language of theof the function. One of: internal, sql, c, plpgsql
- `parallel` (String) If the function can be executed in parallel for a single query execution. One of: UNSAFE, RESTRICTED, SAFE
- `returns` (String) Function return type. If not specified, it will be calculated based on the output arguments
- `schema` (String) Schema where the function is located. If not specified, the provider default schema is used.
- `security_definer` (Boolean) If the function should execute with the permissions of the function owner instead of the permissions of the caller.
- `strict` (Boolean) If the function should always return NULL if any of it's inputs is NULL.
- `volatility` (String) Volatility of the function. One of: VOLATILE, STABLE, IMMUTABLE.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--arg"></a>
### Nested Schema for `arg`

Required:

- `type` (String) The argument type.

Optional:

- `default` (String) An expression to be used as default value if the parameter is not specified.
- `mode` (String) The argument mode. One of: IN, OUT, INOUT, or VARIADIC
- `name` (String) The argument name. The name may be required for some languages or depending on the argument mode.
